Backport of Add ECS audit logging docs into release/1.12.x (#13859)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/ecs/enterprise.mdx

```

</CodeBlockConfig>

### Audit Logging

> Consul on ECS supports [audit logging](/docs/enterprise/audit-logging) when Consul Enterprise clients are used.
> This feature has the following requirements:
> 
> - ACLs must be enabled.
> - `mesh-task` must use a Consul Enterprise client image.
> - `gateway-task` must use a Consul Enterprise client image.
> 
> The following example demonstrates how to create a `mesh-task` with audit logging enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul on ECS supports [audit logging](/docs/enterprise/audit-logging) when using Consul Enterprise clients.
This feature has the following requirements:

- ACLs must be enabled.
- `mesh-task` must use a Consul Enterprise image.
- `gateway-task` must use a Consul Enterprise image.

To enable audit logging, set `audit_logging = true` when configuring the client.
```

Reviewer: Adding this change to maintain consistency between main and this branch.
